DOC-56 Import Technology Providers Playbook (#110)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/ed-fi-alliance-oss.github.io: docs/getting-started/provider-playbook/technology-providers-project-planning/technology-provider-ed-fi-journey.md

* Meeting with the Ed-Fi vendor team to share your goals and pain points, as well as what your customers have asked you to support
* Identifying priorities and potential entry points into this work
* Joining the Ed-Fi community
* Attending Community events such as the Ed-Fi Summit and Technical Congress
* And completing the Ed-Fi Academy training modules

## Develop

**Develop** your initial implementation, perhaps using prototypes developed in the learn phase. We strongly advise building with an iterative methodology and having a customer use the software as your teams build it.

During this “Develop” stage:

* You will make a plan with the support of the Ed-Fi vendor team, establishing your first goal as a vendor participating in the community.  
* You will join the partner program, which is a set of community participation commitments, organized around best practices of engagement in the community.  
* You will establish and resource key roles, such as your Ed-Fi Product Owner, Implementation Lead, and Partnerships Lead. A
* And you will become acquainted with the support and resources of the Ed-Fi vendor team available to you.

## Credential

> **Credential**. The Ed-Fi Alliance operates the [Ed-Fi Certification](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/EDFICERT/overview) and [Ed-Fi Badge](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/display/EDFIBADGE/) programs that can test that your work is ready for broad usage in the Ed-Fi Community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Credential**. The Ed-Fi Alliance operates the [Ed-Fi Certification](/partners/certification) and [Ed-Fi Badge](/partners/badging) programs that can test that your work is ready for broad usage in the Ed-Fi Community.
```

Author: updated.
